---
title:  "About me"
date:   2018-01-01 10:00:00
categories: [about]
tags: [about]
---

Hi there, I'm Antonio Silva.

I made this page to put some "quick codes / examples" with the purpose of helping the people that for some reason arrived here, and to practice what I'm learning in English classes :). 

What I’m going post is usually what I’m studying, a problem I had and how I resolved, or working on, so, many of posts will be in the following subjects: Mobile, Web, Machine Learning, Software Engineering, Problem Solving and Algorithms, being able to extend to other things. The content you’ll find here are quick tips.

If you came here for any reason and would like to contribute to this page, feel free to do a PR. You can post content, correct grammar (haha!), etc.

---

### A little bit more about me:

I’m a Brazilian MSc student of Computer Science (Machine Learning, NLP, SE) and I have passion for programming. I work with end-to-end systems (literally!), creating APIs, scripts and apps. Lately I’ve been working with mobile sdk, integrating computer vision algorithms through JNI (for Android) and the so-called Objective C++ (iOS + C) for creating apps. I like to work with various technologies and areas (such as mobile, web, and data science) and when there’s a little time I like to solve problems of [hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com) and [leetcode](https://leetcode.com) for example, besides studying algorithms. I’ve identified a lot with the development of native apps (mobile) and trying something fun with python and ML.

And finally, I tend to participate in some communities and focus helping women to engage in IT, get a job, etc. I try to contribute as much as I can in this matter.

Cya.
